I tell the boy you dream about bad
things happening it shows you're so
fighting that's when you start to dream
about good things you should start to
worry how many people choose English
alive in the world
not very many it is cold and growing
colder as the world slowly dies no
animals have survived when all the crops
are long gone game over it sound it
could cost the roads are peopled by
gangs looking for food a boy looks
hungry
look at him again I'll shoot you dead I
don't think you killed them in your life
we can catch up with us and they're
going to kill us I told you I would do
whatever it takes
like what how can you touch my job so I
get used to me when the Sun came out
keep him warm
everything depends on reaching the coast
there's a god up there you would have
turned it back on
you carrying the fire what fire fire
inside you I'm not gonna quit